ah
[Music]
today is the day
for your seo miracle
[Music]
i'm really looking forward to my page
one rank next week thanks for your
donation don't question
just believe
[Music]
i'm so glad you can join us on this
amazing prosperous
day
with your kind donations and investments
we've been able to grow our empire and
in return
bring you instant
page one rankings on google with your
hope and your faith
our process is simple and it's fast all
it takes
is an investment from yourself with your
money
your belief
your hope this is what brings the power
to google
and then
the instant page one rankings for your
website on google to enjoy the traffic
and the sales
[Music]
lot of so-called seo experts say seo is
a long-term game taking many months or
even longer building links putting out
quality content sorting out your website
distributing the content and much much
more that's gibberish
if you have the hope if you have the
belief and if you have the investment
you'll get your results your page one
rankings instantly
we truly harness the power of your
belief instead of hard work do all these
activities on your website and off it
simply harness that power and bring the
results and bring the rankings
repeat after me page one of google today
page one of google today page one of
google today
my website still isn't page one i'm
really beginning to doubt the seo
evangelist
don't question
keep investing money keep believing
and keep hoping
[Music]
if anyone needs seo help come to the seo
evangelist and i will get your business
to page one of google
page one of google for everyone who
invests generously and believes
[Music]
have a great time enjoy the rankings
sadly there's many so-called seo
evangelists out there that will promise
the earth instant page your rankings
take your money and deliver nothing if
you want fairly quick results you
probably want to look at some kind of
paid ads like google ads but seo
typically is a long term investment
where you want to the agency or the
company you work with to really take the
time to understand your business who
your target market is
what the actual products or services you
want to be selling are things like the
average order values around them how
that works on your website if your
website's for lead gen or direct sales
really taking to the time to understand
how your business works what your idea
of a return on investment looks like so
then they can plan a tailored seo
strategy do research into the relevant
search terms get your website up to
speed and then start doing what's called
off-site seo to get the long-term
rankings get your website organically up
to page one of google and enjoy more
inbound leads and sales opportunities
don't listen to the so-called seo
evangelists if they are promising super
quick results be wary and if you do need
help with your seo
to increase your long-term traffic brand
reputation inbound leads and revenue
give the guys at webchoiceuk.com a shout
today
[Applause]